Modify rule S5324: Add Kotlin support (#127)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5324/description.adoc

> Storing data locally is a common task for mobile applications. Such data includes files among other things. One convinient way to store files is to use the external file storage which usualy offer a larger amount of disc space compared to internal storage. 

Reviewer: Typo fixes:

```suggestion
Storing data locally is a common task for mobile applications. Such data includes files among other things. One convenient way to store files is to use the external file storage which usually offers a larger amount of disc space compared to internal storage. 
```

> Files created on the external storage are globally readable and writable. Therefore, a malicious application having the permissions `+WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE+` or `+READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE+` could try to read sensitive informations from the files that other application have stored on the external storage. 

Reviewer: Fix typos:

```suggestion
Files created on the external storage are globally readable and writable. Therefore, a malicious application having the permissions `+WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE+` or `+READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE+` could try to read sensitive information from the files that other applications have stored on the external storage. 
```

> External storage can also be removed by the user (e.g when based on SD card) making the files unavailable to the application.

Reviewer: Is the intent here to say that the SD card can be unplugged?

Author: Yes
